ButtonGroup: change demo description (#1846)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/ButtonGroup/Overview/description.md

> ButtonGroup displays a set of toggleable buttons and allows users to select one or several of them. This demo illustrates how to configure the ButtonGroup: bind ButtonGroup to data, enable or disable multiple selection and customize the ButtonGroup appearance.

Reviewer: > ButtonGroup displays a set of toggleable buttons and allows users to select one or **several** of them.

If memory serves, I already told you last time that we don't use the word "several" because it's more of a colloquial term. We say "multiple" instead.

Second. "Toggleable" is probably not the best choice of a term...

```suggestion
ButtonGroup displays a set of two-state buttons and allows users to select one or multiple buttons. This demo illustrates how to configure the ButtonGroup in the following steps:

* Bind ButtonGroup to data
* Enable or disable multiple selection
* Customize the ButtonGroup appearance
```

## Bind ButtonGroup to Data

> Use the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/items/) array to populate ButtonGroup with data. You can specify the following fields in the data objects: [hint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/items/#hint), [icon](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/items/#icon), [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/items/#text), [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/items/#type) and others.

Reviewer: I've got two notes here:
1. If you say "the following" followed by a list of more than three items, it's better to make a list.
2. If you say "the following", it's not a good practice to make an open-ended list (and others, etc., at the end). You need either to list everything, or just select only the most important entries and pretend as if there's nothing else present.

Make your choice.

Author: Got you, I'll make a list.

Reviewer: Looks better. Thank you.

## Process Button Selection

> Set the [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/#keyExpr) property to the data field that supplies keys used to distinguish between the selected buttons. In this demo, the [selectedItemKeys](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/#selectedItemKeys) property contains the keys of the selected buttons and allows component to select buttons initially. To enable multiple selection, set the [selectionMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/#selectionMode) property to `multiple`.

Reviewer: > Set the [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/#keyExpr) property to the data field that supplies keys used to **distinguish** between the selected buttons.

What do you mean by "distinguish" in this sentence exactly? If you mean to literally "distinguish", then you don't need the pronoun "between" at all...

> In this demo, the [selectedItemKeys](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/#selectedItemKeys) property contains the keys of the selected buttons and allows component to select buttons initially.

The word "component" here is missing an article.

What do you mean by this? I cannot say I understand this sentence:

> to select buttons initially.

Author: "to select buttons initially" -> Customers can predefine buttons that would be already selected on the initialization.
What do you think about the following?

In this demo, the [selectedItemKeys](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/#selectedItemKeys) property contains the keys of the selected buttons. This property allows you to predefine selected buttons.

Reviewer: Yeah, this version will definitely do. Thank you.

Use the [onItemClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/#onItemClick) function to process clicks on buttons.

## Customize the Buttongroup Appearance

> Specify the [stylingMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/#stylingMode) property and select one of the three predefined styles. In this demo, ButtonGroups in the first row have the `outlined` style, while the others have the `text` style. You can specify the [buttonTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/#buttonTemplate) property to customize the apperance of each button.

Reviewer: > In this demo, ButtonGroups in the first row have the `outlined` style, while the others have the `text` style.

Is "ButtonGroups" singular or plural? If this is an API member name, you should treat it as singular. If "ButtonGroup" is a proper API member name, you shouldn't use the name to create plural forms. Say "button groups" instead.

>  In this demo, ButtonGroups in the first row have the `outlined` style, while **the** others have the `text` style.

No article is necessary here.

Author: Noted

Reviewer: Great.

ButtonGroup displays a set of two-state buttons and allows users to select one or multiple buttons. This demo illustrates how to configure the ButtonGroup in the following steps:

- Bind ButtonGroup to data.

- Enable or disable multiple selection.

- Customize the ButtonGroup appearance.

## Bind ButtonGroup to Data

> Use the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/items/) array to populate ButtonGroup with data. You can specify the following fields in the data objects: 

Reviewer: I believe we can go by without this article. Mainly because we haven't named them explicitly here.

```suggestion
Use the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButtonGroup/Configuration/items/) array to populate ButtonGroup with data. You can specify the following fields in data objects: 
```
